People look at their past just like it happened yesterday. I try to see tomorrow like there ain't no other way. People listen to the echo, I like it while I barely did it. Clapping is something that proves up with me. I need to finish for watching this side because I need a witness. So with a fall it is known that I did my business. Man, and if I follow was enough and nothing while you were out. Like enough, I was busy doing something. So from here I write, day and night, it's like I never get in a sleep from here on out. I'm about seeing lyrics in my dreams. I'm never quit. This is a dream, surely, now I believe I will achieve as long as I can take the heat. I promise to myself that I will work on my production. I promise to myself that I will begin the function. I promise to myself that I will be someone so great. Y'all never forget me. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Yeah, I will make my way to the tellay with a flat ballet. And yet this is where they are. A long, long cold that I have got to come to grips with. I've taken so long. I should just put the bitching. There was no one else to blame myself. Cause I was always here whenever I needed help. Help, help, help me as all I seem to speak. So I just call the quits when they turn the other cheek. I basically been the basic bitch my entire life. I've got a rude awakening waiting for me without the light inside his right in front of me. It seemed my mind's like his mind's cycle. So it's open as us we know that I'll be alright. I'll ride alright. So maybe I've begun to pick my feet up. I pulled up up and needed speed up. Just like a cheetah. Me and my favorite high-prefuses. Time to burn up all my fuses. The choice I choose was never being they can use us. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Someday I'll contribute to society. Someday I will get past the advisory. My mind is like a bunch of written binary. My mind is no privacy. Finally I'll be gonna begin the rioting. Ironically the darkness seems to follow me. But this time around I'm making a break up promising. I'm on my grind like a big beard. Blacksmith against paper. My brain is something I'll now attack with. I swear to myself that I'll hunt my way to fame. I swear on everything. Even my Jay Hot Nang is just for honor. Yes, glory. You're betting down the clock. The daily that I could rap in is the day my breath stopped. So if I fall to the mat, I hope you never count me out. I will see it to the end that I finished this bout. You can go ahead and make your way to 10. But you better let them know that I'll rise before it then aye. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. {END} Wait Time : 0.00 sec Model Load: 0.19 sec Decoding : 0.58 sec Transcribe: 25.29 sec Total Time: 26.06 sec
