People look at their past, just like it happened yesterday. I try to see tomorrow like a regular of the way. We've listened to the Yekawai Lekawapari did it. Wrapping to something that proves up with me, I need to finish. But watch from the side because I need a witness. So with the followers known that I did my business. Man and if I follow wasn't enough enough, And while you were out so I could know I was busy doing something. So from here I write that you're not getting a suit from here right now. I'm about seeing lyrics in my dreams. I'm never quit. This is a dream, surely. Now I believe I will achieve as long as I can take the heat. I promise to myself to I will work on my production. I promise to myself that I will begin to function. I promise to myself that I will be to once a great. You'll never forget me. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Sunday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Sunday I will be on the TV screen. Yeah I will make my way to the telle, with the flat ballet and yet this is relay. I long long told me that I have got to come to grips with it. I've taken so long. I should just quit the pitching. There was no one else I'm waiting for myself. Because I was always here whenever I needed help. Help help help me as always. I seem to speak so I just called the quits when they turned the yellow cheek. I basically been a basic bitch. I'm lying in tired life. I've got a rude awakening waiting for me without the light. The light inside is right in front of me. It seemed my inside is my inside. I'm so bad. I'll let you know that I'll be alright. I'll ride it right. So maybe I've begun to pick my feet up. Hold up for up and need to speed up. Just like a cheetah. Me and my favourite hyperfuge is coming to burn up all my fuses. It's a choice I choose. We'll never be in a commuces. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Sunday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Someday I'll contribute to society. Someday we'll get past the advisory. My mind is like a bunch of written binary. My mind is no privacy. Finally I've begun to begin the rioting. I've runically the darkness seems to follow me. But this time around I'm making a brick a promisey. I'm on my grind like a big beer blacksmith again. To pay for my brain and something on our check with. I swear to myself that I'm on my way to fame. I swear on everything. I'll leave my j-hoc, naïness is for honor. I got swear, you're betting on the talk today. The backward rapping is the day my breath stops. So if I fall into the mat, I hope you never count me out. I will see it to the end that I finish this bout. You can go ahead and make it way to ten. But you better let them know that I rise before midnight. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will see it to the end that I finish this bout. I will see it to the end that I finish this bout. Someday I will be on the TV screen. {END} Wait Time : 0.00 sec Model Load: 0.11 sec Decoding : 0.67 sec Transcribe: 25.51 sec Total Time: 26.29 sec
