[MUSIC] People look at their past just like I happened yesterday. I try to see tomorrow like there ain't no other way. People listen to the yeko, I like it, why barely did it? Wrapping this something that proves up with me, I need to finish. For watching this side, because I need a witness. So with a follow it is known that I did my business. Man, and if a follow was enough, and after walk you were out like a gnomp, now I was busy doing something so from here I'm right, and I get like I never get in a sleep from here on out, I'm about seeing lyrics to my dreams. I'm never quit, this is a dream, truly, now I believe I will achieve as long as I can take the heat. I promise to myself that I will work on my production, I promise to myself that I will be getting the function. I promise to myself that I will be to one so great, y'all never forget me. I will climb to the top of the tree, I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen, I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see, I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen, yeah, I will make my way to the Telly, with the flat ballet, and yeah, this was relay, a long, long gold that I have got to come to grips with, and taking so long, I should just put the bitches, there was no one else to play, but myself, 'cause I was always here whenever I needed help, help, help, help me is all I seem to speak, so I just come to quit, so when they turn the other cheek, I basically been the basic wish my entire life, I got a rude awakening for me, without the light, the light inside his right in front of me, it seemed my mind's like his mind's cycle, so I will penalise us, me know that I will be a right, a right, so maybe I have begun to pick my feet up, hold up, I need to speed up, just like a cheetah, me and my favourite, high-prete, just calm the burn up, all my features, the choice I choose was never being made from uses. I will climb to the top eventually, I will be someone that you can someday see, I will never forget that this was all me, someday I will be on the TV screen, I will climb to the top eventually, I will be someone that you can someday see, I will never forget that this was all me, someday I will be on the TV screen, someday I'll contribute to society, and someday we'll get past the advisory, my mind is like a bunch of written binary, my mind is no privacy, finally. Finally, I be gonna be in the rioting I wanna flee the darkness seems to follow me, but this time around, I'm making the break up honestly I'm on my grime like a big beard black smith the gantra caper, my brain is something I'll now attack with I swear to myself that I'm on my way to fame, I swear I never done even my J-hot names is for honor Yes, worry ya betting down the clock today, that I could ripen is the day my breath stops So if I fall to the math I hope you never tell me out, I will see you to the end that I finished this battle You can go ahead and make your way to 10, but you better let 'em know that I'll rise before then, eh? I will climb to the top of entropy I will be someone that you can someday see I will never forget that this was all me someday I will be on the TV screen I will climb to the top of entropy I will be someone that you can someday see I will never forget that this was all me Sunday I will be on the TV screen ♪♪♪ (music) {END} Wait Time : 0.00 sec Model Load: 0.12 sec Decoding : 0.63 sec Transcribe: 38.33 sec Total Time: 39.08 sec
