People look at their past just like it happened yesterday. I try to see tomorrow like there ain't no other way. People listen to the yeko, I like it while I barely did it. Laughing and something that proves up with me. I need to finish for watching this side because I need a witness. So with a fall it is known that I did my business. Man and if a fall it wasn't off and nothing while you were out. So I could not if I was busy doing something. So from here I'm right. Yeah, it's like I never get in a suit from here on out. I'm about seeing lyrics to my dreams. I'm never quit. This is a dream, surely, to me. Now I believe I will achieve as long as I can take the heat. I promise to myself that I will work on my production. I promise to myself that I will begin the function. I promise to myself that I will be someone so great. Y'all will never forget me. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Yeah, I will make my way to the telly. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. I will never forget that this was on me. Some day I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. I will climb to the TV screen. {END} Wait Time : 0.00 sec Model Load: 0.11 sec Decoding : 0.61 sec Transcribe: 27.24 sec Total Time: 27.96 sec
