[MUSIC] People look at their past, just like it happened yesterday. I try to seek tomorrow like a radio of the way. We've listened to the echo, I like the wapery did it, wrapping this up, the nerve's up with me, I need to finish. But watch from the side because I need a witness. So with the follow-it is known that I did my business. Man and if I follow was enough enough, while you were out so I could know if I was busy doing something so from here right. The United Tuckin' Never Give Me a Suit from here on out. I'm about seeing lyrics in my dreams. I'm never quit. This is a dream, Shirley P. Now I believe I will achieve as long as I can take the heat. I promise to myself, the I will work on my production. I promise to myself that I will begin to function. I promise to myself that I will be to once a great. You'll never forget me. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Sunday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Sunday I will be on the TV screen. Yeah I will make my way to the tele. With the flat ballet and yet this is relay. A long long tone that I have got to come to grips with and take it so long. I should just quit the pitch and never know when else I'm brave of myself. Because I was always here whenever I need it help help help help help me as always. I seem to speak so I just cover the quits when they turn the yellow cheek. I basically been the basic bitch my entire life. I've got to ruin the wake me waiting for me without the light. The light inside is right in front of me and team by my insight. It's my encyclist open. I've lost me no that I'll be alright. I'll ride alright so maybe I've begun to pick my feet up. Hold up for up and need to speed up. Just like a cheetah. Me and my pair of high reviews just time to burn up all my fusions. It's a choice I choose. We'll never be in their excuses. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Sunday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Sunday I will be on the TV screen. Sunday I will contribute to society. And someday we'll get past the advisory. My mind is like a bunch of written binary. My mind is no privacy. Finally I've begun to begin the rioting. I runically the darkness seems to follow me. But this time around I'm making a break up from sleep. How am I gonna grind like a big beer blacksmith again to paper? My brain is something I'll know what's to act with. I swear to myself that I'm on my way to fame. I swear on everything. Even my j-hawk name is just for honor. I got to swear. You're betting on the clock today. And if I could wrap and it's the day my breath stops. So if I fall to the mat. I hope you never count me out. I will see it to the end. That I finished this bout. You can go ahead and make it ready to tend. But you better let them know that I rise before midnight. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Sunday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Sunday I will be on the TV screen. {END} Wait Time : 0.00 sec Model Load: 0.12 sec Decoding : 0.59 sec Transcribe: 25.42 sec Total Time: 26.13 sec
