[Music] People look at their past, just like a half a guest in day. I try to seek tomorrow, like a radio of the way. People listen to the year go, I like a wiper and did it. Grabbing the something that proves up with me. I need to finish. But watch from this side because I need to witness. So with the fall it is known that I did my business. Man and if I follow was enough, then why you were I second off. I was busy doing something so from here, right? To your night it's like I never given a seat from here, right now. I'm about seeing the lyrics in my dreams. I'm never quit. This is a dream, surely, for me, to know why I believe I will achieve this, as long as I can take a heat. I promise to myself to I will work on my production. I promise to myself that I will begin to function. I promise to myself that I will be to one so great. You'll never forget me. I will climb to the top, eventually. I will be someone who can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top, eventually. I will be someone who can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Yeah, I will make my way to the tele, with a flat, ballet. And yet this is a lay, a long, long, long, long. I have got to come to grips with it, taking so long. I should just quit the bitching. Never is no one else, I'm ready for myself. Because I was always here, whenever I needed help. Help, help, help me as always, I seem to speak. So I just cover the quits, when they turn the yellow cheek. I basically been a basic bitch, my entire life. I've got to rude to wak me, waiting for me without the light. And I was riding a front of me and seen by my incite. My incite is my incite, but I'm not letting that be. All right, I ride a ride, so maybe I've begun to pick my feet up. Pulled up, I need to speed up. Just like a cheetah. Me and my favorite, high reviews. Just time to burn up all my fusions. It's a choice I choose. Let's never be in their excuses. I will climb to the top, eventually. I will be someone who can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top, eventually. I will be someone who can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Someday I will contribute to society. Someday we'll get past the inviser. My mind is like a bunch of written binary. My mind is no privacy. Finally, I've begun to begin the rioting. I run a clear, the darkness seems to follow me. But this time around, making the break up from sea. How am I to grind like a big beer, blacksmith against paper. My brain is something on my check with. I swear to myself that I'm a way to fain. I swear on everything, even when j-h-h-n-a-s-s-for-honner. I've got to flow, you're betting on the clock today. Let me back with rapping is the day my breath stops. So if I fall to the map, I'll be never counting out. I will see it to the end that I've finished this bout. You can go ahead and make your way to ten. But you better let them know that I'll rise before the n-a. I will climb to the top, eventually. I will be someone who can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top, eventually. I will be someone who can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Someday I will be someone who can someday see. Someday I will be someone who can someday see. Someday I will be someone who can someday see. Someday I will be someone who can someday see. Someday I will be someone who can someday see. Someday I will be someone who can someday see. {END} Wait Time : 0.00 sec Model Load: 0.12 sec Decoding : 0.61 sec Transcribe: 26.61 sec Total Time: 27.34 sec
