[MUSIC] People look at their past just like it happened yesterday. I try to see tomorrow like there ain't no other way. People listen to the echo, I let go, I barely did it. Wrapping is something that proves hopeless, move, I need to finish. But watch from the side because I need a witness. So with a fall, it is known that I did my business. Man, and if a fall, it wasn't off of nothing. While you were out slacking off, I was busy doing something. So from here, I write day and night. It's like I never get no sleep. From here on out, I'm about seeing lyrics in my dreams. I'll never quit. This is a dream. I'll surely be now I believe I will achieve as long as I can take the heat. I promise to myself that I will work on my production. I promise to myself that I will begin to function. I promise to myself that I will be someone so great. Y'all will never forget me. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Yeah, I will make my way to the telly with a flat ballet. And yet this is relay. A long, long goal that I have got to come to grips with. I've taken so long. I should just quit the bitching. There is no one else I'm blaming but myself. Because I was always here whenever I needed help, help, help. Help me is all I seem to speak. So I just called the quits when they turned the other cheek. I've basically been a basic bitch my entire life. I've got a rude awakening waiting for me without the light. The light inside is right in front of me. It's seen by my insight. Because my insightful, open eyes lets me know that I'll be all right. All right, all right. So maybe I've begun to pick my feet up. Hold up, hold up. I need to speed up just like a cheetah. Need my pair of hyperfuses. Time to burn up all my fuses. The choice I choose must never be in any confuses. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Someday I'll contribute to society. And someday we'll get past the advisory. My mind is like a bunch of written binary. My mind is no privacy. Finally, I've begun to begin the rioting. Ironically, the darkness seems to follow me. But this time around, I'm making a break. I promise thee. I'm on my grind like a big beard blacksmith against paper. My brain is something I'll now attack. My brain is something I'll now attack. My brain is something I'll now attack. My brain is something I'll now attack. My brain is something I'll now attack. My brain is something I'll now attack. My brain is something I'll now attack with. I swear to myself that I'll hunt my way to fame. I swear on everything, even my J-Hop name. This is for honor, guts, glory. I'm betting around the clock. The day that I quit rapping is the day my breath stops. So if I fall to the mat, I hope you never count me out. I will see it to the end that I finish this bout. You can go ahead and make your way to 10. But you better let them know that I'll rise before then. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. [MUSIC PLAYING] [MUSIC PLAYING] [MUSIC PLAYING] [MUSIC PLAYING] {END} Wait Time : 0.00 sec Model Load: 1.04 sec Decoding : 0.59 sec Transcribe: 744.04 sec Total Time: 745.67 sec
