My fellow Americans, this day has brought terrible news and great sadness to our country. At nine o'clock this morning, Mission Control and Houston lost contact with our space shuttle Columbia. A short time later, debris was seen falling from the skies above Texas. The Columbia is lost. There are no survivors. On board was a crew of seven. Colonel Rick Husband, Lieutenant Colonel Michael Anderson, Commander Laura Clark, Captain David Brown, Commander William McCool, Dr. Kultna Shavla, and Elon Ramon, a Colonel in the Israeli Air Force. These men and women assumed great risk and the service to all humanity. In an age when space flight has come to seem almost routine, it is easy to overlook the dangers of travel by rocket and the difficulties of navigating the fierce outer atmosphere of the earth. These astronauts knew the dangers and they faced them willingly, knowing they had a high and noble purpose in life. Because of their courage and daring and idealism, we will miss them all the more. All Americans today are thinking as well of the families of these men and women who have been given this sudden shock and grief. You are not alone. Our entire nation agrees with you and those you love will always have the respect and gratitude of this country. The cause in which they died will continue. The mankind is led into the darkness beyond our world by the inspiration of discovery and the longing to understand. Our journey into space will go on. In the skies today, we saw destruction and tragedy. It farther than we can see, there is comfort and hope. In the words of the Prophet Isaiah, "Lift your eyes and look to the heavens." Who created all these, he who brings out the story hosts, one by one, and calls them, each by name. Because of his great power and mighty strength, not one of them is missing. The same creator who names the stars also knows the names of the seven souls we mourn today. The crew of the Shedda Columbia did not return safely to Earth yet we can pray that all are safely home. May God bless the grieving families and may God continue to bless America.
