My fellow Americans this day has brought terrible news and great sadness to our country and nine o'clock this morning. Mission control in Houston lost contact with our space shuttle Columbia. A short time later, debris was seen falling from the skies above Texas. The Columbia's lost their our no survivors on board was a crew of seven Colonel Rick Husband Lieutenant Colonel Michael Anderson commander, Laurel Clark Captain David Brown commander William McCool Dr. Coolden of Shavla and Elon Ramon a Colonel in the Israeli Air Force He's met in women assumed great risk in the service to all humanity in an age when space flight has come to seem almost routine it is easy to overlook the dangers of travel by rocket and the difficulties of navigating the fierce outer atmosphere of the earth. These astronauts knew the dangers and they faced them willingly knowing they had a high and noble purpose in life because of their courage and daring and idealism we will miss them all the more. All Americans today are thinking as well of the families of these men and women who have been given this sudden shock and grief you're not alone. Our entire nation agrees with you and those you love will always have the respect and gratitude of this country. The cause in which they died will continue. Man kindness led into the darkness beyond our world by the inspiration of discovery and the longing to understand our journey into space will go on in the skies today. We saw destruction and tragedy as far than we can see there's comfort and hope in the words of the prophet Isaiah lift your eyes and look to the heavens who created all these he who brings out the story hosts one by one and calls them each by name because of his great power and mighty strength not one of them is missing the same creator who names the stars also knows the names of the seven souls we mourn today the crew of the shuttle Columbia did not return safely to earth yet we can pray that all are safely home. God bless the grieving families make out may God continue to bless America peace be blessed.
