[MUSIC] People look at their past, just like it happened yesterday. I try to see tomorrow like a radio of the way. People listen to the yuck, a while like a wiper, and did it. Grabbing this something that proves up with me, I need to finish. But watch from the side because I need a witness. So with the fall it is known that I did my business. Man and if a fall it wasn't off and up the wall, you were out like a noth. And if I was busy doing something so from here, right? That you and I it's like I never get a suit from here on out. I'm about seeing lyrics in my dreams. I'm never quit. This is a dream, surely, for now. I believe I will achieve as long as I can take the heat. I promise to myself, I will work on my production. I promise to myself that I will begin to function. I promise to myself that I will be to once a great. You'll never forget me. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this is all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Yeah, I will make my way to the telet with the flat ballet. And yet this is relay. A long, long, long, long, long. That I have got to come to grips with and take it so long. I should just quit the kitchen. There is no one else I'm living myself. Because I was always here whenever I needed help. Help, help me as always seems to be. So I just called the quits when they turned the yellow cheek. I basically been the basic bitch my entire life. I've got to ruin the wake me waiting for me without the light. The light inside is right in front of me and seen by my inside. His mind cycles open and I thus let me know that I'll be alright. I'll ride a ride so maybe I've begun to pick my feet up. Pulled up a cup of need to speed up just like a cheetah. Me and my favorite of high reviews just come to burn up all my fusions. It's a choice I choose. We'll never be in a commuter. They can use us. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone who you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone who you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. Someday I'll contribute to society. And someday we'll get past the advisory. My mind is like a bunch of written binary. My mind is no privacy finally. I've begun to begin the rioting. I runically. The darkness seems to follow me. But this time around I'm making a break up from sleep. How am I grind like a big beer, blacksmith again to paper. My brain is something I'll know what to act with. I swear to myself that I'll hang my way to fame. I swear on everything. Even my j-hoc naïness is for honor. I got swear. You're betting on the clock today. Leave my quit rapping. It's a day my breath stops. So if I fall to the mat. I hope you never count me out. I will see it to the end. I finished this bout. You can go ahead and make you wait to ten. But you better let them know that I rise before midnight. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Someday I will be on the TV screen. [Music] {END} Wait Time : 0.00 sec Model Load: 0.22 sec Decoding : 0.61 sec Transcribe: 29.52 sec Total Time: 30.34 sec
