[MUSIC] People look at their past, just like it happened yesterday. I try to see tomorrow like there ain't no other way. People listen to the echo, I like the walker, I barely did it. Laughing this something that proves up with me, I need to finish for watching this side. Because I need a witness. Should we have a follow? It is known that I did my business. Man, and if a follow was enough and nothing, I'll walk you around. Now, if I was busy doing something so from here, I'll write. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I never get in this way from here on out. I'm about seeing lyrics to my dreams. I'll never quit. This is a dream, truly, now I believe I will achieve as long as I can take the heat. I promise to myself that I will work on my production. I promise to myself that I will be getting the function. I promise to myself that I will be. So, one's so great. Y'all never forget me. I will climb to the time for that you'll be. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Someday, I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top eventually. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was all me. Someday, I will be on the TV screen. Yeah, I will make my way to the tell-a. With the flat ballet. And yet, this is relay. A long, long goal that I have got to come the grips with. I've taken so long. I should just put the pitch in. There was no one else to blame for myself. Cause I was always here whenever I needed help. Help. Help me as all I seem to speak. So, I just called the quits when they turn the other cheek. I basically been the basic-fish-minded- how your life. I've got a rude awakening for me. Without the light and side is right in front of me. It seemed my mind-side. His mind-side. I'm so open as us. Me know that I'll be alright. I'll ride alright. So maybe I've begun to pick my feet up. Hold up, I'll put up my knees, beat up. Just like a cheetah. Me and my favorite, high-refuses. Time to burn up all my features. The choice I choose was never being made from uses. I will climb to the top of entry. I will be someone that you can Sunday. See, I will never forget that this was all me. Someday, I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top of entry. I will be someone that you can Sunday. See, I will never forget that this was all me. Someday, I will be on the TV screen. Someday, I'll contribute to society. Someday, I will get past the advisory. My mind is like a bunch of written binary. My mind is no privacy. Finally, I'll be gonna be in the rioting. I want to bleed the darkness into follow me. But this time around, I'm making the break up promising. I'm on my grind like a big beard black. I'm at the gens to pay for my brain. Something I'll now attack with. I swear to myself that I'm on my way to fame. I swear, I'll never be any. I'm a J. hot name. This is for honor. Yes. Well, we're yet betting down the clock. The daily I quit rapping is the day my breath stops. So if I fall to the mat, I hope you never tell me out. I will see it to the end that I finished this battle. You can go ahead and make your way to 10. But you better let them know that I'll rise before then. I will climb to the top of the century. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday, I will be on the TV screen. I will climb to the top of the century. I will be someone that you can someday see. I will never forget that this was on me. Someday, I will be on the TV screen. [MUSIC] {END} Wait Time : 0.00 sec Model Load: 0.11 sec Decoding : 0.64 sec Transcribe: 25.64 sec Total Time: 26.39 sec
